# Summarization
Summarization used to be a difficult NLP tasks due to short context lengths (between 512-2048 tokens). In order to summarize a long text, previously one had to chunk the text up in smaller pieces, summarize those individually and then make a summary of the summaries. Moreover, the generative models performance drastically reduced whenever the languaged differed from English. With the coming of Large Language Models (LLMs) this task has become much easier. Not only are these models better at understanding language, but also the context size has drastically increased (128K+ tokens).

Below you can find a summary of the [following publication](resources/publication.json) using GPT-4. The code used can be found [here](summarize.ipynb).

## Summary generated by GPT4

- **VAT Number:** 799497754
- **Company Name:** NORRIQ FINANCIAL SERVICES
- **Juridical Form:** BV (Besloten Vennootschap)
- **Act Description:** RUBRIEK HERSTRUCTURERING (FUSIE, SPLITSING, OVERDRACHT VERMOGEN, ENZ...)
- **Company Address:** ZUIDERLAAN 11, BUS 11 8790 WAREGEM
- **Date of Publication:** 2023-05-31
- **Publication Number:** 0070228
- **Publication Link:** [Link to Publication](https://www.ejustice.just.fgov.be/tsv_pdf/2023/05/31/23070228.pdf)

### Topics Covered in the Text:
1. **Terminations or Restructuring:**
   - NORRIQ Financial Services BV is involved in a restructuring act where it is proposed to take over a business division from EY Consulting BV. This transfer is structured as per articles 12:103 juncto 12:93 of the Code of Companies and Associations.
   - The transfer includes all assets and liabilities that can operate autonomously from a technical and organizational perspective.

2. **General Assembly Date:**
   - The proposal for the transfer will be submitted at least six weeks before the date on which the deed establishing the transfer of the business division is executed.

### Additional Information:
- The transfer of the business division will legally take effect on July 1, 2023, at 00:00:01 or any later date determined by the governing body of the respective companies in the deed establishing the transfer of the business division.
- All operations related to the business division will be considered to have been carried out for the account of the acquiring company from the transfer date or any later date determined by the governing body in the deed.

### Topics Not Mentioned:
- Changes in capital
- The appointment and resignation of legal representatives
- Definition of signing rules (external representation by legal representatives)
